# SDD-Preferate
Software Design and documentation group assignment to create a restaurant recommendation web application.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Style guide

Commenting code:  Block or line-by-line commenting are acceptable, as well as comments on the ends of lines so long as they are brief enough to remain on page.  Thorough commenting is encouraged anywhere that code may be unclear or confusing.

Indentation:  Source files in java should use tabs.  Web documents including html, css, php, and javascript source code should use 4-space indentation.

Data types:  
Keys (e.g. user ids, restaurant ids) may be as large as 32 bit positive integers.  Use data types of appropriate size for this data.  The equivalent of a Java long or a String may be used if large integers are not handled natively.

Reviews and recommendations include real-number ratings on the inverval [-1,1].  Any code that accesses or modifies these ratings should use double precision floating point variables.

Repository:  Source files that are under active development should be committed to the Github repository on the develop branch.  The develop branch will be merged into the master branch at the end of each iteration.  Additional branches are allowed, but should have descriptive names and should be branched off of the develop branch or its child branches.  Commits should come with descriptive messages.

Testing:  Be prepared to test any code you want to commit to the develop branch.  If there is a reasonable possibility your commit will break the build and you cannot resolve or test for issues, consider committing on a new branch so we can merge once it is tested.

Test data:  New test data may be generated by running the R dataGen script contained in the test data folder.  If new test data is desired, you may make a copy of the R file and change whatever portions you like (be sure to use different random seeds).  Use the output format documented in the R file.  You may overwrite the files in the data folder to use the test data, although you should generally exclude these changes in your commits.  Upgades and variations on the script with new filenames are welcome, but please do not change and overwrite scripts without the author's consent.

Quotes:  Single or double quotes may be used as desired, but should be consistent within a module.

Object Oriented Programming:  To the extent possible, all code should adhere to SOLID principles of design.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Required technologies for deployment include JDK (1.8), Maven, MySQL (we have been using phpMyAdmin), Apache Mahout (0.12.2).  Further deployment information is available in the pom.xml file, which is used by Maven to track required packages.


